---
title: 'EDF 2023'
layout: '~/layouts/MarkdownLayout.astro'
---

> A summer festival for friends, by friends

## EDF 2023 Details 🎆

- 📍 **Location**: [Moon Hill Dairy](https://goo.gl/maps/vFQcLSZLkSNV3dhG8)
- 📆 **Date**: July 3rd, 2023
- 🕑 **Time**: 6:30 PM - 12:45 AM (Plus overnight camping)

## Activities 🎉

The activities and things to do this year at EDF include the following (and more!):

- **Music**: 6:30 PM - 12:45 AM
- **Fireworks**: 9:00 PM - 11:30 PM
- **Food and Drinks**: 6:30 PM - 12:45 AM
- **Beer Pong**
- **Cornhole**
- **More to come!**

## Set Times 🎧

| DJ | Time | Description |
| -- | ---- | ----------- |
| TBD | 6:30 - 7:00 | Opener |
| TBD | 7:00 - 7:30 | Short Set |
| TBD | 7:30 - 8:00 | Short Set |
| TBD | 8:00 - 8:30 | Short Set |
| TBD | 8:30 - 9:15 | Medium Set |
| TBD | 9:15 - 10:00 | Medium Set |
| TBD | 10:00 - 10:45 | Medium Set |
| TBD | 10:45 - 11:45 | Full Set |
| TBD | 11:45 - 12:45 | Full Set |

> 🌄 Full sunset will occur around 9:00 PM on July 3rd

## Getting There 🚗

The best way to get to EDF at [Moon Hill Dairy](https://goo.gl/maps/vFQcLSZLkSNV3dhG8) is by car. We actually did have people bike to EDF last year but we really do not suggest this. You should try and coordinate with other people to carpool if you can. There will be plenty of parking either way.

## Food and Drink 🍻

There will be plenty of food and drinks to go around (alcohol too). However, it is suggested that you bring your own as well so we don't accidentally run out. Here are some quick suggestions on what you might want to bring:

- Paper plates
- Solo cups
- Chips
- Crackers and cheese
- Breakfast items for campers
- Water
- Soda
- Beer
- Liquor
- Wine
- Ice (if you have a cooler)

We will have trash cans and bags setup around EDF. Last year we also grilled up burgers and brats for everyone and we will *most likely* do the same this year.

## Camping ⛺

All are welcome to camp and we suggest doing so as well. When you first get to EDF, it is recommended to setup your tent and camping gear before it gets dark. You can bring a tent, camper, van or sleep in your car. Whatever you want to do is fine. There will be plenty of space to setup your camping gear.

## Supplies 📦

Here are some supplies you might want to bring to EDF:

- Flashlight
- Bug spray
- Blankets
- Warm clothes
- Pillows
- Sleeping bag
- LiquidIV or Pedialyte

Please keep in mind that EDF is roughly 30 minutes outside of Steamboat Springs by car. If you forget something, you can always drive into town to get it but you'll be on the road for at least an hour round trip.

## Safety ❤️

EDF is a safe place for everyone and we want everyone to have a safe environment as well. If you choose to become intoxicated (in any form), we will be taking your car keys and ask that you camp overnight. This is the case for most people so it isn't a big deal. The road back to town is dark and windy at night and we don't want anyone driving back to town intoxicated and getting into an accident on 4th of July weekend.

It should also be noted that this is a dairy that is in full operation. There are cows, chickens, dogs, and turkeys. Please do not do anything to the animals or the property that would cause harm. Since there are animals on the property, there are also fences, barbed wire, and random bits of metal about. Please be careful, watch where you are walking, and bring good shoes. We will have lights setup around certain areas to prevent you from tripping or getting hurt. Thanks!
